Create/content editor challenge (#19)
croct-tech/challenges: content-editor/README.md

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://croct.com">
      <img src="https://cdn.croct.io/brand/logo/repo-icon-green.svg" alt="Croct" height="80"/>
    </a>
    <br />
    <strong>Blog Post Improvements</strong>
    <br />
    Suggest adjustments to our blog posts
</p>

# Challenge

As a Content Editor, you will be responsible for ensuring content is concise, straight to the point, and resonates with our audiences.

> You received two blog posts written by one of our freelance writers. One is about [user-generated content](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Xi2kG4H6_Ou0SzdsugWMRnbWsZmfWqerrXXIWUefUOE/edit), and the other is about how [machine learning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cXpSNl-0lnS1Le_Kf_0qJfCM7xw4Cxqo/edit#heading=h.gjdgxs) can leverage personalization marketing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You received two blog posts written by one of our freelance writers. One is about [user-generated content](https://docs.google.com/document/d/160yeu9ygOQFk6cGWMLRwvua6DSsB1--SLuykjel5suY/edit?usp=sharing), and the other is about how [machine learning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zlcr0X6Xf9-tx87wdwm06EBxvGK6DklTvUyT52LvRnk/edit?usp=sharing) can leverage personalization marketing.
```

Your task is to make suggestions to improve both, so they have no grammatical errors or typos and follow [our brand voice guideliness](https://croct.link/brand-voice). Also, one of them was translated from Portuguese. Make sure that there isn't any sentence sounding literally translated since word-by-word translations may not make sense or sound natural compared to how native speakers would formulate it.

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84989572/184396171-2aa2ddb2-9744-4eab-86df-d11579b76afa.png" alt="Croct" width="500"/>
</p>

We strongly recommend you read other articles from our [blog](https://croct.com/blog) to get familiar with our writing style.

> To help you understand the changes we usually make, we also provide you with [previously reviewed](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QhDgKheJak8htgUxjSZZD9zOP2_RfFWjEfmepv8Ezqk/edit) pieces of content with highlighted adjustments our content marketing team suggested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help you understand the changes we usually make, we also provide you with [previously reviewed](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ITny1TNSvEZ_9o2BK-B9ELjMJxRoTofMTaibFHQFk2Q/edit?usp=sharing) pieces of content with highlighted adjustments our content marketing team suggested.
```
